https://www.javatpoint.com/machine-learning
https://drive.google.com/file/d/139iobGUD2Ua4WeLAItN35OnbR-ts36zj/view?ts=672785b5

Theoritical Session

The main aim of the session is to get the kid prepared for the comming lessons on data-analysis and machine learning.
The kid needs to understand the concept well. Try to avoid the mathematical explanation as far as possible.

The concepts to be discussed are as follows - 
1) What is Machine Learning ?
  A branch of AI.Imitates human behaviour with data.

2) Applications of Machine Learning in real world
    Medical feild
    Stock Market prediction, wether prediction
    Movie Recommendation
    Facial detection (social media)
    Email filterarion (spam)
    Text completion
    
3) Types of Machine Learning - 
    a) Supervised Learning
       Training the model under supervison. It has labled data. Face of the person in opencv course.
       ex : cat and dog pictures
    b) Unsupervised Learning
       No labled data. Sys will learn with the pattern / similarties and try to group it.
       ex : grouping fruits.
    c) Reinforcement Learning
        Making mistakes and learning. Hit ad trial method.
        ex: AI based game with Computer. Crct move/Not
    # Explain the concept of each type of machine leanring with real life scenarios / examples

4) Types of Machine Learning Problems - 
    a) Regeression
       Predict continuos value. 
       Ex: market value,, Weather condition tomorrow.
    b) Classification
       Categorize the Data
       ex : pass/fail of examp
    c) Recommendation
       based on experince
       ex: Netflix
    # Explain the concept of each problem type with real life scenarios / examples

5) Steps to be followed in a Machine Leanring Project - 
    a) Gathering the data and load the data into the program
    b) Data Preprocessing - prepare the data for further machine learning projects
    c) Data Analysis - Analyse the data so that you can define your input and output columns and drop the rest
    d) Define Input and Output - Create separate dataframes for input - output 
    e) Perform the test-train split - Split up the data into testing and training data , Explain the use of training and testing data
    f) Select the machine learning algorithm perform the training of the model.
    g) Perform predictions and compare the predictions with actual result to calculate accuracy.

    # Breifly explain the use and concept behind the steps, explain terms such as accuracy, predictions etc which are used in above steps


